Add note on Application Control for agent deployment (#127712)
Azure/azure-content: articles/backup/back-up-azure-stack-hyperconverged-infrastructure-virtual-machines.md

        ```
        Install DPMAgentInstaller.exe`
        ```
     >[!Note]

>      >Default Application Control settings may prevent agent deployment, [switch application control to "Audit" mode](/azure/azure-local/manage/manage-wdac#switch-application-control-policy-modes) before agent installation to workaround this issue. After deployment is complete, it is highly recommended to switch the application control back to "Enforced" mode. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     >Default Application Control settings may prevent agent deployment, [switch application control to "Audit" mode](/azure/azure-local/manage/manage-wdac#switch-application-control-policy-modes) before agent installation to work around this issue. After deployment is complete, it is highly recommended to switch the application control back to "Enforced" mode. 
```
